[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> I'm David Adair.
And a lot of people
know me as Rocket Man.
I'm actually more
known in science,
in applications of
propulsion and power.
How things started,
that's the story.
I was born in Welch,
West Virginia.
My dad was a coal miner.
And my mother taught
him to read and write.
He was a functional illiterate.
It's kind of--
the irony of it is
I'm working quantum physics,
differential mechanics when
I'm seven.
Go figure that.
What really made things work for
me on a social level was here
I'm sitting over in
the local library.
And the librarian, she saw me
sitting in a corner every day,
over there reading.
And she came over and she said,
are you reading these books?
And I said, well, there's
no pictures in them.
And she went, um.
So she goes, how much do
you remember of these books?
Everything.
So she reaches over my head
and pulls this book down.
And she goes, OK, quantum
physics theory on singularity.
What does it say?
I remembered the first page.
I went, a singularity
is at the event horizon
of a collapsed star.
And it forms when the matter
starts collapsing on itself
from the gravitational tide.
She slams the book shut and
puts it back on the shelf.
She says, OK, how many of these
have you read is this corner?
All of them.
It was like 600 books.
And she went, well--
well, do you want to read more?
And I said, yeah.
And they made me an
assistant librarian.
And I was the only boy there.
Everybody else was
girls and women.
And she said, just work
on the library stuff.
And then order what you need.
And don't tell anybody
we're doing this.
And you'll have access
to whatever is out there
on the rest of the planet.
You can read all day
long how to swim.
But until you get in the water,
you really don't know how.
I thought, you know, I
need to learn rocketry
because as a hammer is to a
carpenter, rockets were to me.
They're just a tool.
What I was using the
rockets for is a medium
to test the hypothesis of my
theorem of a field containment
for new type of nuclear reactor.
It's fusion containment.
The only thing you all
know about nuclear power,
you know the evil twin,
which is fission and fusion
without containment.
You produce so much
waste with the pile rods.
They can come out of
their water containment
and overheat, and
melt through the Earth
to China, "China Syndrome."
They can make nuclear warhead
fuel out of these pile rods.
So it's just a nasty
system all the way around.
And it's dirty.
Contamination lasting
for 30,000 years,
depending on what
fuel you're using.
However, the good twin,
which you have not met,
is fusion containment.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
It cannot melt down
like a "China Syndrome."
It doesn't have fuel rods.
And in my reactor, I made it
out of deuterium, seawater.
The containment
fields are like--
it's like a magnetic bottle.
As a matter of fact,
Millennials didn't
like my term, electromagnetic
fusion containment.
So they shortened it
down to this phrase,
which is technically accurate.
It's called a star in a jar.
You see, there's only two
type of rocket engines
in the world, liquid fuel
and solid propellant.
What I was aiming for is
something that was neither one,
the star in a jar,
electromagnetic fusion
containment engine.
It cannot melt down
like a "China Syndrome."
The very first rocket I
built was sophisticated.
It was a cryogenic pumper, which
is the fluids inside the rocket
engine are 325
degrees below zero.
It's liquid hydrogen,
liquid oxygen.
And it produced--
the BTUs involved,
it really produces quite
a bit of a chain reaction.
You get a lot of
power out this rocket.
My friends came over.
And we're all about
seven or eight years old.
My rocket is way
taller than we are.
It's about 7, 8 foot tall.
So they're all standing down
there about two feet away
from it, looking at it.
I'm about a hundred feet
away, up at launch control.
And I told them, come
on up here, guys.
They go, why?
It's not safe down there.
So they came up and
stood next to me.
And I turned on the pumps.
And the air into the
cryogenics starts pumping.
Then we get ignition.
And the flames come
out of this thing.
And it leaves the backyard
area, where I had.
And it incinerates an area
the size of a football field,
just burnt to a crisp.
And I mean the
flame are gigantic.
And this thing takes off.
And its clocking
probably a modest speed
about 4,000 miles an hour.
And you can hear it thundering.
We're watching it
go out of sight.
And my mother, she said,
everything in the house
is rattling.
So she come out
of there, running.
My very first launch
went 52,000 feet.
That's 10 miles.
And I brought it back
by radio control.
I put generators in the
thrust vanes to steer it.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
My mother's father was
the mine superintendent.
And he didn't want
his grandchildren
to end up fatherless cause, boy,
people died a lot in those coal
mines back in the day.
So my dad was really gifted
at mechanics, auto mechanics.
So his father-in-law got him
his own private service station.
And it was a screaming
success from the first week.
But I remember when I was,
like, three or four years old,
watching my parents put blankets
over the windows at 3 o'clock
in the morning, so no one could
see the lights of the garage.
The reason why
the best customers
would come in at that time.
And they'd pull in
with these cars.
They had 396
Chrysler Hemi engines
under the hood, a
powerful engine.
And in the trunk, you
have a 200 gallon tank.
Now, a gallon weighs about
nine pounds per gallon.
So you have, like, 1,800
pounds in this trunk.
And it's not gasoline.
It's moonshine.
These are moon runners.
So dad would tune these
cars up till they were just
Mopar Missiles.
And revenuers had a hard time
trying to catch these guys.
And what people don't know,
that was the birth of NASCAR.
The moon drivers
are driving so fast
on curvy mountain roads,
run away from the revenuers.
They became the
perfect car drivers.
It's Fred Lorenzen, and
Buddy Baker, A.J. Foyt,
Richard Petty, all
these people, Lee Petty.
They became the NASCAR drivers.
And they came from moon runners.
And my dad was the guy
doing the car engines.
And why does that have a
bearing on all this story?
Have you ever stopped to
think what a NASA rocket shop
and a NASCAR shop look like?
They're mirrors of each other.
Both shops produce
one thing, speed.
And their raw materials,
aircraft aluminum,
stainless steel, titanium,
exact same materials.
So we had fuels like nitro,
methane, liquid oxygen,
liquid hydrogen and all the
special handling equipment
for all that.
So we had everything
we needed there for me
to build my first rocket.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
Think about that statement,
clean, thermal, nuclear power,
no radiation.
You now have all
the power that you
need to run across the
planet, zero carbon footprint.
We have two little propellants
about the size of baby peas.
And in my reactor, I made
it out deuterium, seawater.
How much fuel do we have?
The Earth is covered, 3/4 of it.
So it's like a magnetic bottle.
You've got a magnetic bottle.
And you start a nuclear
chain reaction inside.
Basically, you detonate
an H-bomb in containment.
You're standing
right there with it.
You better hope it works.
Inside that containment
field, the temperatures
are running up to about 100
million degrees centigrade.
That's 10,000 times hotter
than the core of the Sun.
And at that temperature, when
you shut down the reactor,
you walk in the reactor wearing
shirtsleeves, zero radiation.
Nothing's left.
So you have clean,
thermal, fusion power,
that you can't make waste.
You can't make nuclear
fuel for warheads with it.
You can't have a meltdown.
And you got no radiation.
Think that change things?
Well, if you don't like
that, I got some other toys
that come with it.
When I was doing the
math, the algorithms
kept showing an anomaly,
which I couldn't figure out
what it was.
It was a repeating pattern.
And finally I figured
out what it was.
It was an inertia dampener.
So what good is a
inertia dampener?
All right, has everybody
seen Bugs Bunny?
When him and his friends
got in this airplane,
it ran out of fuel, and
falling back to Earth,
it's going so fast the
speedometer is running off
the dials.
They're all screaming,
we're going to die.
And they are.
And right before the plane hits
the ground, Bugs opens the door
and steps out with
all its friends.
And the plane crashes.
And they're fine.
That looks like a cartoon.
That's not.
That's exactly what an
inertial dampener will do.
It removes you from
the gravity's influence
of the planet.
And it stops the inertia,
momentum, and kinetic energy.
It neutralizes all of it.
OK, well, why would you
want something like that?
You have an inertial dampener
under the hood of your car.
You lose control, with
your family in the car.
80 miles an hour, you
hit a bridge head on.
The car is tore all to pieces.
You step out.
And your clothes are
not even wrinkled.
That's what an inertial
dampener could do.
But it also answers
another question.
How do UFOs come in,
at 5,000 miles an hour,
and do a 90 degree turn?
Anything inside
going to be ripped--
actually, it not going
to be ripped apart.
It's going to be
reduced to a liquid.
They're going to look like soup
because they're just destroyed
by the gravitational
torrents of what's
going on with momentum, and
inertia, and kinetic energy.
However, if the spacecraft
has a sphere inside itself--
there's one outside
and one on the inside.
And they can do that.
And they feel nothing.
So that's how they operate.
And that means that
most of these UFOs
are using a fusion
containment drive.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
At about age 40 or
41, my mother was
the first female
coronary technician
that took over a brand
new hospital built there,
called Rowan Memorial.
One of her first patients
with a guy named Irving LeMay.
He was 93 years old,
mean as a snake.
Knocked out one of her
nurses with a cane.
And their son, named
Curtis, would come in.
That's Curtis LeMay,
four-star general,
chief of the joint chiefs.
The general that's standing
next to John Kennedy
in the Cuban
Missile Crisis, he's
the one that will push the
buttons and retaliate for us.
The guy-- designer of the B-52
Stratofortress nuclear bomber,
founder and inventor of
SAC, Strategic Air Command,
our nuclear deterrent
forces that exist today.
Needless to say, the guy was
a little bit of a big item.
He wanted to come
and see his dad.
So he would have to come in
about 3 o'clock in the morning.
And he had go through my
mother to see his dad.
And after a while,
they became friends.
And he asked her one
day about her family.
And she says, well,
I've got three boys.
Two of them are
kind of normal kids.
The third one, the
youngest one, there's
something strange about him.
And LeMay was asked--
Curtis LeMay said, well,
what's strange about it?
He's always launching
these rockets and missiles.
And he goes, what like
these little Estes
rockets, and stuff?
Oh, no, no.
They're taller than the door.
They're made of metal.
And he called them
cryogenic fuel.
Well, LeMay hears that.
And he says, does he write
anything down in a book?
She says yeah, he's
got this big notebook.
Can you bring that thing here?
So I go to bed at 11:00.
She goes to work.
She took my notebook.
I didn't know it.
LeMay opens it up.
And its got all my
quantum theories in it.
He's reading it.
And he asks-- he turns and asks
mother, you got a photocopier?
So he copies about a
third of this notebook,
gives it back to her.
She's bringing this back.
Put it on a desk.
I don't even know
it's left the house.
He's now got all these first
round formulas I've got.
He takes it over to
Battelle Memorial,
the gigantic think
tank in Columbus, Ohio.
And he asks, is there anything--
is just chicken scratch
or is there something to it?
They look at it and come
back, where is this person?
What institution--
who's he working with,
Battelle Labs or something?
No.
It's some kid out in cow
fields, launching rockets.
And they said, you're kidding.
He's working on
fusion containment.
And he's nailing it down.
He's dead on target.
And he's ahead of us.
When General LeMay got in the
office everything changed.
His nickname is
Bombs Away LeMay.
And he's known as the Iron
Eagle in his autobiography.
He smokes this big
stogie all the time.
And he's just a
powerful individual.
Buddy, when he enters into
your life, it's like a tsunami.
And the first thing
he wanted to do
was give me whatever I wanted.
On June 20, 1971, it
went from theory to fact
because I launched an
electromagnetic fusion
containment engine rocket.
And I just was
testing the theorems.
It's ridiculously fast.
That kind of power system
shouldn't be launched
in the Earth's environment.
It's too much power.
The thing has only got two
speeds, off and wide open.
When we launched it, we
were about two miles away.
And when it left off the pad,
there was a massive explosion.
And we didn't see anything.
Everybody thought
the rocket blew up.
No, I knew better.
Could you see a .30-06
bullet leave a rifle barrel?
That's how fast this
rocket was moving.
It went 0, in 3.2
seconds, to about Mach 37.
So there's nothing that
fast, not even close.
That's where my
story takes place.
And it all connects together.
If you would go to Ashland,
Ohio, to the library
of Congressman John Ashbrook,
who was the congressman that
was helping when I was
a teenager, building all
this stuff, you will see
the curator open the vault
and bring these letters out.
And the very first letter,
dated June 10, 1970,
says Dear David,
while Congress was out
running for president of
the United States, 1972,
we're in the process
of obtaining the Titan
missile for you.
It's some stationary
letterhead of the Congress.
Congress is handing
over an ICBM,
an intercontinental ballistic
missile, the biggest,
baddest one they've
got, called Titan.
It's 37 stories tall.
It takes a military
crew of about 330 people
to move the thing around.
And it has 1 million pound
thrusting engines in it.
I was born in 1954.
The letter is dated 1970.
How old am I?
I'm 15.
Don't you find it strange
that Congress is handing
a state-of-the-art
ICBM to a 15-year-old?
Well, something is
going on there, you all.
And if you like that letter,
look at the other 13 behind it.
And it's my story,
printed by Congress.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
And now there's real
sweet guy that shows up,
named Arthur Rudolph.
He's a former Gestapo
person out of Germany.
Came in through Operation
Paperclip with von Braun.
I was dealing with this guy
when I was 15 years old.
He came in.
And he took over
the entire project.
And my rocket was already
programmed by Rudolph
to come down in a place
about 435 miles from where
we were at White Sands, into an
area called Groom Lake, Nevada.
That's the only name I've ever
known, what you call Area 51.
And I thought, why are going
to a big, dry lake bed?
And when I got there, I saw why.
After they showed me what they
wanted me to see, which was--
it turned out to be another
star-in-a-jar engine.
But man, this thing was not
from us, or them, the Soviets.
It was from-- I don't
know, some off-world thing
cause this thing was alive.
It was a sentient entity.
And not like artificial
intelligence.
This thing was organic
and inorganic, both.
And it thought and reasoned,
like everybody else.
But it's a power plant, out of a
big vehicle of some kind, which
I never saw.
But this power plant is
an electromagnetic fusion
containment engine.
And you can tell by the way
the configuration of the fields
are made.
Just like if you had a Model
A Ford engine by Henry Ford,
next to a Lamborghini,
you're going to look at them
and tell one thing.
They both are internal
combustion engines,
but one vastly advanced.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
So what I had built
and what they had
was just two different
worlds literally.
But anyway, they
were trying to get
me to help them fix this
busted engine they had down
in the basement of Area 51,
which means we'll getting
ready to attack Soviet Union.
And if you attack
them, you'll have
to attack China the same day.
So you're looking at burning
two big billion souls to ash
in a single day.
And America would
take over Earth.
But I didn't build all this
stuff to burn people into ash.
I was trying to get us to go
with a different type of power
system.
And so I had to figure out a
way to destroy my own engine
in a top secret Air Force base.
And I remember telling the
guards, it's going to explode.
It's leaking.
They don't leak.
I just set the timer.
It's on the cyclotrons.
So we took off.
And then the guard asked
me a really good question.
He said, what's a safe distance?
And I thought, oh, god, if
this goes to nuclear reaction.
I turned around and
told him, Chicago.
And boy, he floored that
little cart we were on.
But it stayed conventional.
But it blew into
a million pieces.
And now they don't have
anything, no drawings,
no formulas, no models,
and no prototypes, just me.
And now it's a real--
I thought, well, that'll
be the end of it.
No.
Rudolph kept me
at Area 51, so I'd
be there the rest of my life.
We end up like Brent Spriner
from "Independence Day."
But LeMay came and got me.
And he told me this
is not over with.
Rudolph and company
will be back.
And they sure was.
A year later, at high
school graduation,
they pulled me out of the line,
slapped a letter in my hand.
And I'm drafted.
And this time, it didn't
cost me a single day.
It cost me 11 years.
I stayed in the Navy that long.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
Well, I was 11
years in the Navy.
And the admiral said, we
have about a hundred job
offers here on my desk for you.
Who are you going to work for?
And I said, all of them.
So I opened up my own
company, called Intersect.
And I worked that
for about 20 years.
And I retired 15 years ago.
I've created three
magnificent inventions.
I destroyed my first
one because I had to,
for a first strike weapon.
The second one was destroyed
by the Navy cause it upset
the labor balance,
of all things.
And the third one
was legally buried.
And that was the coolest one,
the coolest one I ever had.
And after this story-- and
by this time, I'm only 21.
I decided not to build
another single thing.
So what I did I just fixed
things as I found them,
but nothing creative
out of my skull.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
Somebody would have to step
up with a funding that's
just astronomical.
But if they do, man,
I can rock his world
like you wouldn't believe.
And that has happened.
I didn't think it would
happen in my lifetime.
But fortunately for
all of you, it is.
Enter Mideast.
Oh, I can't make up
something this crazy.
They said, we have
all the funding
that I'd ever need
to build everything.
And I said, dude,
there's just one
project in my head, that
would cost about $150 billion
just to start.
But if you'd come up
with that kind of money,
I'll deliver some stuff
to you that you're not
going to believe.
So these mysterious people
started emailing me,
back and forth, back and forth.
So I'm getting
ready to visit them.
And the name of
the organization--
it's the United
Humanitarian Trust Fund.
And if that don't sound
like a front operation,
I don't know what does.
But it turns out they have
billions, verified, billions
and billions of dollars.
The Mideast is united,
like the United States.
They are functioning as
really one country now.
And think of their
combined wealth.
They have a combined wealth
a hundred times greater
than three superpowers combined.
So they got the--
they got the money.
And they formed a space program.
There were space programs
forming everywhere.
And Israel just launched
a satellite to the Moon.
And hardly anybody
here knows about it.
These are world events
happening, you all.
And basically in
a single sentence,
they wanted me to
come and run the space
programs of the world.
But I told them
there are so many--
I've got so many projects.
I have probably about
25 different projects.
Each one of them is as
big as the other one.
That's reason I'm doing this
interview cause I could--
my and wife and I might
end up being sushi,
like the reporter did in Turkey.
You know, maybe they just want
to take me out altogether.
But like my aunt said, as
long as she dies with me,
she don't care.
We're both out of here.
I said, yeah,
that's a good way--
yeah, I'll go with that.
It'd be worth an effort.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
It's an old riddle.
Einstein asked this one time.
And this riddle was, how
can you go millions of times
faster than speed of
light without breaking
the speed of light,
and stay constant
inside the Newtonian physics?
I figured out the
answer to that.
That's what this
star drive does.
To go from point A to point
B at the speed of light,
186,754 miles per second, it
would take you 200 million
years to get to Andromeda.
I'd have my engines turn
on, focus your navigation.
And you pull this fabric
of space around the ship,
like a burrito.
And then you compress the walls.
And on a linear surface,
a straight line,
you'll cut through those
walls, jump through them.
Transdimensional jump
drive is what I call it.
And when we shut our engines
off five minutes later,
we're in Andromeda.
You would have--
anywhere you want
to go in the universe is
within your grasp, anywhere.
That's just one project.
One of the first
things that I would do
is head back to the Moon.
And I'll head back
there for two reasons.
One is, we want to go look
at all those strange things
that all you conspiracy
theorists are about.
And the second reason,
I'm after helium-3.
And I have an
extracting program.
I've already detailed it
out over the last 20 years,
exactly how to
build a machine that
would extract the gas from
the ores right on the surface
of the Moon, using the natural
environment for processing.
And then ship the
helium-3 back to Earth.
Now, what is helium-3?
It's an isotope of helium-2.
And it's manufactured on the
Sun by the superheat of the Sun.
You take helium-3, put
it in a nuclear reactor.
Even the fission
reactors of today
which are just horrible,
their efficiency
will triple their loads.
And they are clean, thermal,
radiation-free power.
2,000 pounds of dirt from the
Moon, processed on the Moon,
would give you enough
helium-3 to power
all the power needs of the
entire Earth for one year.
And I can scoop that up in a
single day and give it to you.
How much helium-3 have we got?
About a million
years worth of use.
And no more carbon footprints.
All coming from the Moon.
Whoever controls helium-3
will control the world.
Why am I doing all this?
For you guys.
I'm going to be gone soon.
I'd like to leave you
somewhat of a different legacy
to live on.
Because right now,
it's miserable.
You haven't got much
of a future at all.
And if somebody don't
introduce something big
on a mighty scale, all at once,
you're not going to make it.
But I can give you entirely
different economic systems,
medical systems.
I have a space
hospital to build.
You won't believe what will
come out of that thing,
pharmaceuticals, unimaginable.
You know, where
they gave you a pill
and your dialysis is no longer
needed, that kind of stuff.
And I ain't "Star Trek"
or science fiction.
I'm talking hard science,
by what we already know.
We've done performed 5,000
industrial experiments
in space.
All these products are
looking to be made.
And we have no facility.
So I'll build all the
facilities for you.
You ought to see the
wagon wheel that I've got
designed for a space station.
It's got own gravity fields.
You go to the hub
and it's weightless.
That's where the OR is.
Wait until you see
what you can in there.
How about a massive burn victim?
Their cellular
tissue regenerates
at such a level through mitosis,
they heal without scar tissue.
That worth something?
So, yeah, I actually
give all this.
And I don't even care
if you remember my name.
I don't care.
I love it.
You know, I'm just
passing through.
I'd like to leave
something behind.
[MUSIC PLAYING]